IA-2232 scan runtimes as well (#16)
broadinstitute/leonardo-cron-jobs: README.md

sbt <project>/run --help
```

e.g. `sbt resourceValidator/run --dryRun --all`

## Contributing

Currently, `com.broadinstitute.dsp.zombieMonitor.DbReaderSpec` and `com.broadinstitute.dsp.resourceValidator.DbReaderSpec` are not run in CI, hence make sure you run them manually before merging any PRs.

Once a PR is merged, there will be a PR created in [terra-helm](https://github.com/broadinstitute/terra-helm) (WIP). 
Get this PR merged, and another automatic PR will bump leonardo's chart version. This will trigger another automatic PR 
in [terra-helmfile](https://github.com/broadinstitute/terra-helmfile). Once all these PRs are merged, 

> go to [argo](https://ap-argocd.dsp-devops.broadinstitute.org/applications), and click `sync apps` button for all leonardo deploys (select `PRUNE` option as well),

Reviewer: I don't see a `sync apps` button
```suggestion
go to [argo](https://ap-argocd.dsp-devops.broadinstitute.org/applications), and click the `Sync` button on the top menu for all leonardo env deploys (select `PRUNE` option as well),
```

Author: so there's `SYNC APPS` button on the top left corner..I can add both, but was trying to be more concise and not to confuse ppl

Reviewer: I can't see a `SYCN APPS` button on https://ap-argocd.dsp-devops.broadinstitute.org/applications/leonardo-dev. Am I looking at a wrong place?

Reviewer: I see...it's at https://ap-argocd.dsp-devops.broadinstitute.org/applications

Currently, `com.broadinstitute.dsp.zombieMonitor.DbReaderSpec` and `com.broadinstitute.dsp.resourceValidator.DbReaderSpec` are not run in CI, hence make sure you run them manually before merging any PRs.

Once a PR is merged, there will be a PR created in [terra-helm](https://github.com/broadinstitute/terra-helm) (WIP). 
Get this PR merged, and another automatic commit will bump leonardo's chart version. This will trigger another automatic commit 
in [terra-helmfile](https://github.com/broadinstitute/terra-helmfile), note this commit will only auto bump `dev` and `perf`,
create another PR for bumping all other environments when you're ready (similar to [this](https://github.com/broadinstitute/terra-helmfile/pull/390)). Once all these PRs are merged, 

> go to [argo](https://ap-argocd.dsp-devops.broadinstitute.org/applications), and click `SYNC APPS` button on the left upper corner for all leonardo deploys (select `PRUNE` option as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go to [argo](https://ap-argocd.dsp-devops.broadinstitute.org/applications), and click `SYNC APPS` button on the left upper corner for all leonardo deploys (select `PRUNE` option as well).
```
